Send a jade phoenix
I wish you less Ling Yunzhi
Fly to the sky
Give a top night pearl as a gift.
Zhu Mingyuezhao Road
Star Road
Send 99 top shops
The people in the mound welcome the people to pay their shares
Hey, hey, hey.
Emerald Phoenix
Top Night Pearl
99 Days Shop
Oh my god
Ouch, Mr. Yang is Mr. Yang
How heroic
You tell me
These things add up
It should be much more than 60 million
Whoops, not just 60 million
Hey, I think that's hundreds of millions
Ah!
This losing money
Hey, then your face is too big, right?
Those things
That's what we've been struggling for generations
Impossible wealth
I've lived this long.
I also saw such a good thing for the first time today
Damn girl
Why can Mr. Yang give him so many things?
Could it be
He is the genius who broke the world record
Wenwen just broke the world record
Today is really Mr. Yang who invited us here
I just said all this
You just don't believe it's impossible
That garbage school at Yong'an Sports School
I can't cultivate a running county for decades
Team sports students
How could it happen all at once?
Cultivate a world-class genius